[Music]
equanimity quality of being calm
messenger service even-tempered March
we're gonna play again let's give the
wrong house called shut up unless you're
me I love that game you're a private
investigator just twenty bucks in there
all right just take it no I'm not here
for that
i messenger give me a lift arms no
nobody talking to you doctor tell him
you have a Spyro friend you know deep
breath I'm not in the yellow pages if
you got trouble with someone might ask
around for me
Jackson Ely I work for the Department of
Justice
my daughter Amelia is in danger please
find her protect her
March Jackie Lee I'm not either urges
gonna ask you a question no do you think
I am I got a license to carry don't mass
and ever since your little visit this
little baby's gonna stay right here
don't move a couple of people I trusted
say you're pretty good at this I want
you to find a medium I would have
thought your job ended with breaking my
arm you're the guy who beat up
my dad hey sucker punched your dad big
difference
I've seen this girl she's got dark hair
name's Amelia what's in it for me
he'll stop doing it doing what there's
like here and stuff sweetheart
how many times have I told you don't say
and stuff just say dad there are
here the mob is trying to spread its
operation to Los Angeles somehow amelia
is involved one thing we know for sure
something funny's going on
[Music]
the world's worst
look at the bright side nobody got hurt
she got her I'm saying I think they died
quickly though so I don't think that
they got hurt